The Barclays app
How to go paperless and view your statements
Did you know you can change your
statement preferences quickly and easily
using the Barclays app?
Start by tapping ‘More’ at the
bottom of the home screen.
Next, tap on 'Manage accounts'
then 'Statement and letter preferences'.
Tap 'Go paperless'.
See the benefits of going
paperless and tap 'Go paperless'.
Read through the important information
and if you're happy tap 'Confirm'
and your preferences will be saved.
Tap 'Done' to return to the 'Statement
and letter’ preferences screen.
Tap 'Close'
then tap the back arrow
to return to the More menu.
If you want to look at
one of your statements,
tap on 'Statements and documents'.
Select the statements
you want to look at.
Now, to download or export
the statement on an iOS device,
you will need to tap the arrow on the top right corner.
Tap ‘Download’ and then choose where you
would like to store the statement on the device.
To download or export the
statement on an Android device,
tap the arrow on the top right corner.
Tap ‘Download’ and then go to
the ‘Downloads’ folder to find the saved file.
And there you go.